## Pre-requisites
* virtualenv
* terraform >= 0.9.3
* python >= 3.6.0
* an auth0 account
* a GitHub account
* an AWS account

## Assumptions
* Names are unique. This is not enforced by auth0, but we will overwrite
configuration with configuration if the name is used. If this is not
acceptable, this code will need to be changed to save state of the client ids

## Installation
* prepare the python environment

        $ virtualenv -p python3 .env
        $ . .env/bin/activate

* create an auth0 [non-interactive client](https://auth0.com/docs/api/management/v2/tokens#1-create-a-client) for the
  Auth0 Management API.  You might have to [enable the APIs feature](https://manage.auth0.com/#/account/advanced)
    in your advanced settings.

    Makes sure to grant the following scopes to the client:
    * create:clients
    * read:clients
    * update:clients
    * delete:clients
    * create:rules
    * read:rules
    * update:rules
    * delete:rules
    * create:connections
    * read:connections
    * update:connections
    * delete:connections

* create a [github oauth application](https://auth0.com/docs/connections/social/github)
for your personal or group account. You will need the client id and secret.

* create a personal access token for the automation user. That user
 should be able to manage teams. That can be done here: https://github.com/settings/tokens

* create an organization in GitHub

* create teams in GitHub under that organization for each role you would like to support within AWS.
Current bootstrap supports dev_admin and infra_reader

* Create a file called .auth0 that only you can read that will set
environment variables:

        #.auth0
        export AUTH0_HOST=myaccount
        export AUTH0_CLIENT_ID=exampleid
        export AUTH0_CLIENT_SECRET=********

        export PREPROD_AWS_ACCOUNT_NUMBER=0775854933855
        export PREPROD_AWS_ACCESS_ID=AKIAJRKDMHJTUJ48NOKFA
        export PREPROD_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=********************

        # Credentials used for the connection to github SSO
        export GITHUB_CLIENT_ID=d5kgjgji58124ifjgjfkc
        export GITHUB_CLIENT_SECRET=*************************

        # A personal access token for the automation user
        export GITHUB_AUTOMATION_TOKEN=*********************

        #The github org that contains the teams used for automation
        export GITHUB_ORGANIZATION=OktaOrg

* Execute the following commands
        $ chmod 700 .auth0
        $ . .auth0
* Create an S3 bucket for your terraform remote config. The name should be
  `reference-implementation-preproduction-$AUTH0_HOST.auth0.com` (using AUTH0\_HOST from the above document)

## Running

Assuming you have set everything up and sourced `.env/bin/activate` and `.auth0`, you should be able to run this by
calling `python setup.py install && python aws_auth_bootstrap/reference-implementation-bootstrap.py`

# Known Bugs and Issues
- RoleRuleScriptGenerator
    - validate client id before doing team => role mapping

- bootstrap.py
    - validation for config structure so there are better error messages

- testing
    - fix tests for javascript to catch edge cases like no role assigned

- mapping main IAM account to other accounts

# Logging in

## Web Console access

To login to the web console, you will need to visit `https://<AUTH0_HOST>.auth0.com/samlp/<generated_auth0_client_id>`
and then login with the GitHub connection.

## CLI access

CLI access is simplified by the script located at `ui/login.py`. This script requires the same parameters as the web
console url exported as `AUTH0_HOST` and `AUTH0_CLIENT_ID` respectively. Note that this is not the same client ID as
the one used during configuration, but rather the client ID of the AWS integration client generated by the tool. 

If `login.py` works correctly you should see a success message and be able to execute AWS commands with the profile
`auth0-federated`. If you need to access other accounts using this profile as a proxy, you can configure those profiles
in `~/.aws/config` the same as any other AssumeRole-based profile.
